what other things that nature has given us is a wonderful system of balancing
its inner inner ear and some people are more sensitive that
than others and if they get into a vehicle that's moving rolling it
makes them sick and everyone gets sick to some degree but there are
extremes on both sides I fortunately was blessed with windows cast iron
stomachs never get seasick we were in Pensacola once on active duty
and we read today fifty foot boat and went up red snapper fishing
and I had been in the marine corps but everybody else board was of
real salt water sailor they don't everybody got sick on that boat except
maybe to make me sick bet but on the other hand lord admiral Nelson
who won the battle of Trafalgar the greatest naval hero of all
time was famous for being so seasick when he first went to see every
time he went to see that he would have to go to this cabin for days
before he could get a stomach settled down again so it's one of the
things you just kinda have to put up with but if you're the average
person you'll have a little of that if you're on one extreme or the
other you'll have to learn to live with whatever the good lord gave
you and it's not the end of the world it'll work out